go through life day after day we numb
down numb down numb down and we somehow
we have to stop and we have to say how
am i feeling how do i feel because it's
that disconnection i'm gonna get woo-woo
here it's that disconnection from the
source from our source and understanding
where our power really comes from and
really connecting
and understanding we're going to get
walloped if we do not stay present
hey everybody welcome to health theory
today's guest is dr kellyanne petrucci
she's a board-certified naturopathic
doctor and new york times best-selling
author of several books including the
bone broth diet and cleanse and reset
she also frequently appears on dr oz
good morning america and the today show
as a nutrition and anti-aging expert now
you definitely had me at hello with
anti-aging so my sequel my not secret at
all desire now is to
i want to live forever that's the real
truth um it's probably
a long shot but anything that i can do
to feel better
perform better look better i'm certainly
going to be down with so what is
what are the lifestyle changes that
somebody should make if they really want
to look good feel good for a very very
long time yeah we see we're seeing now
longevity is really spiking so what you
feel is what so many people are feeling
because we've been through so many
one-hit things first it was you know fat
oh well you know what
we don't want you eating fat we're going
to have you on all these other kind of
fats we're going to have you on
vegetable and canola and sunflower and
safflower
and we find out
that these are so inflammatory but that
by the time you put them in your cart
they're already
rancid that's interesting i never hear
people talk about that so explain what
is so problematic about those on the
shelf it's very simple it's very simple
the containers in which they're held
they are clear a lot of them and light
gets through
oxidizes the oil and it becomes
literally rancid and rancid oils mean
inflammation so when we're talking about
aging anti-aging all of that that's one
of the premier easy things the basic
premise
of the choices that we can make is the
oils that we use
we're going to go on to coconut oils
different kind of oils healthier oils
time magazine had on their cover eat
your butter so we keep going through
those corrections and we did the same
thing with sugars oh sweeteners we can't
we can't do regular sugar it's not good
for us so let's do the pink yellow and
blue packets
then it's stop let's not do that
let's go on to these type of sugars
let's go on to more monk fruit stevia
things like that another big course
correction same thing meat and potatoes
let's go from meat and potatoes let's go
from that to all meat oh well that's not
working let's go to all juice well
that's not working let's go to more
paleo well that's not perfect let's go
to paleo-ish okay well let's go to keto
that's almost right now what about keto
2.0 or kind of keto
and what is kinda keto well kind of keto
is taking the basic principles of keto
and basically with keto the problem is
that people aren't getting enough fiber
because of the carbohydrate allowance
which is about five percent of the the
diet is is carbohydrates that's not
enough for people to be able to explore
carbohydrates in the way that they
should so they become constipated and
irritable they're the two things that we
see with people who stay on keto for a
long period of time
so i sit on keto for nine months
it was awesome i felt wonderful my
relationship with food completely
changed
but i didn't at all um i didn't have
constipation or anything and any trouble
my bowel movements were money but i did
notice my muscle mass was going down i
just felt softer i was trying to keep my
carbs essentially at zero yeah
and i go back and forth i'm saying all
of this because i go back and forth on
fiber and its importance so right now i
get fiber because i do
um i have some vegetable matter i have
some nuts
but i probably get
70 of my calories from red meat just to
really trigger people
doesn't trigger me because for some
people it works i started telling you
about these mid-course corrections
because still i've seen everything in
nutrition and i can sit here and tell
you honestly for the first time i'm
seeing some really positive things in
nutrition we're starting to get it right
when you understand ancestral medicine
and ancestral nutrition right we really
do work better with some foods and then
there's also environment that you have
to consider and that's the environment
that you put yourself in
and you stay in because that has
different effects on the body and how
you digest how you metabolize all of
that but there are foods that tend to
work best with our body and that's when
i went into a whole dive
and started really exploring these foods
i thought why does anyone know this
you know that's why i wrote nine books
why doesn't anyone know this why doesn't
anyone know that these foods really do
juice us up so what i loved about paleo
is it broke down each food category and
it said hey listen if you want proteins
these are the best proteins red meats
work really well for some people they
really do it depends on the amount of
inflammation that you have in your body
it has to do with prostaglandins it has
to do with so many inflammatory markers
in your body but some people are able to
eat more red meat than others and also
with with paleo it breaks down
vegetables that you know energy
vegetables versus fibrous type of
vegetables how much you should have of
that fats here here are the good fats so
that's why i really gravitated towards
that because it basically just broke
down the macros and said these are
really good proteins these are really
good fiber vegetables these are really
good energy vegetables and your energy
vegetables should really match
what your needs are so it's not a matter
of you know carbohydrates are terrible
for you they're inherently bad they're
not inherently bad
you just have to match your energy you
have to match the amount of energy that
your body needs to really fuel itself
and to really drive
and that's the key and so you know keto
the same thing with fats
we
most people when they started keto they
were 50 to 75 percent fat
that works great for some people it
doesn't for others it provides a level
of discomfort what i care about and what
matters to me and what matters for
longevity is that we're getting these
foods that our body recognizes we're
getting these foods that our body
understands we're getting these foods
that our body drives off of now the the
template on which it falls i believe
it's very similar for us but how much
that you should have
and the balance that's right for you
it now that's where it gets a little bit
different and that's where personal play
has to come in and that's where a lot of
these diets provide awesome guidelines
awesome guidelines but you have to know
how to read your body okay so before we
go into the individual stuff
you gave a great high level overview now
let's dive in so
getting back to the initial question of
what is the
the ideal for somebody that wants to
extend their um high level performance
uh what is this sort of perfect diet i
get that that the truth is you have to
try it for yourself and that there is
massive amounts of variability but it'd
be great to just pick that sort of
middle person right in the bell curve
smack in the middle um what is their
what are actual things that they should
be getting at the grocery store yep so
the highest quality that you can afford
whole food what do you mean by high
quality high quality so if you can get
organic get organic so you can get
pasture raised you know get pasture
raised you can get grass-fed meats
awesome i firmly believe that most of us
operate really well off of meat okay so
i also find that a lot of people in
terms of protein operate really well
when they put a lot of fish in there
instead of red meat
so if you're thinking how do i build
this plate kellyanne just tell me how i
build this damn plate
you want to have
protein
like you said go to the grocery store
buy some really good proteins that work
for your body get them get them as as
healthy as you can as you can because
quality actually does matter try to
balance that plate out make sure you
have some fibrous vegetables what are
those it's the green stuff i don't care
if you juice it i don't care if you chop
it i don't care what you do you know so
we talk about quality of food and you
know
what can they do should they only eat
organic
if you saw what i saw and you saw what
really what people were really eating
i'm not worrying about a chicken carcass
that's not perfect all the time
if you can get people to eat in balance
get as best quality as you can get in
balance
and it makes such a such a big
difference all right so i want to
really pinpoint this notion of balance
so when you say balance you're talking
uh protein fat carbohydrate like yeah so
so yeah because a lot of it's very
off-kilter some people work operate
fantastic on 50
fat and other people can operate on 25
it depends this is why with keto i'm
just saying when people were on have
been on keto
after a while we start hearing well it's
not perfect for a lot of people
a lot of women look and i know people
are going to write and say are you
kidding me i got these results i got
these results for some people when
you're at a starting point where you
need to lose a lot of weight it gets the
weight off
it makes the skin look a lot better a
lot better but it's a matter of finding
that balance
somewhere between paleo somewhere
between keto so you have so we go into
more weight maintenance and not diet but
more weight maintenance
and more into longevity and more into
sustainable diets what's sustainable for
you is different for other people that's
the whole key and that's what people
want right now
this is what i'm hearing over and over
again they want to they want to look at
things and approach things very
different
people are looking at things for the
first time i think more spiritually more
spiritually in their food and that's why
we're talking so much about plant-based
everything now
it has to do with spirituality people
are feeling good on plant-based foods
and that's why the keto-ish or the keto
2.0 they're adding more plants they're
adding more opportunity for people to
eat more vegetables and things is keto
becoming a buzzword though so
i was fat phobic for a very long time
and i had massive inflammation as a
result i wasn't eating carbs but i was
eating protein probably 85 of my
calories i got from protein
i was trying to keep carbs as close to
zero as possible trying to keep fat as
close to zero as possible i basically
lived in rabbit starvation absolutely
atrocious for the joints i got me lean
as hell i looked [__] awesome but i
did not feel great
so i finally um i encountered dom
d'agostino peter tia they're like look
you need to be consuming fat
they started talking about ketogenics
and when they were talking about it it
was all about
you take a blood test and there are
either ketones in your bloodstream or
there are not so
if you're gonna define keto 2.0 so if
keto 1.0 were defined by ketones in your
bloodstream
what's keto 2.0 it's mid-fat and fiber
that's how you say fat that's quantity
of fat
so you still think
fat before carbs however
it's different now because there's the
the ratio has now changed where you can
have more carbohydrates so just think
about it like that it's really
it's really allowing more fiber through
allowing more
carbohydrates
so people can sustain they feel like
they can sustain longer and that's the
key so whenever you have comfort in
eating the results are far greater so
it's a it's about allowing the body to
experience comfort
if we see a younger generation coming in
and their tolerance
for things like uh you know i remember
just driving myself trying different
diets and bodybuilding and body and
weights and you know doing shows and
competitions and how lean of mine can i
see this am i ripped and it's very
different now
so now what they want to see is they
want to they want to have more peace
they want to feel more fulfilled it's
much more about loving themselves we're
starting to really change all that pain
gain thing and we're going more towards
you know let's feel better all the way
around let's feel better let's have joy
let's feel better somehow this word joy
has captured people and they actually
want to experience more joy and not as
much of the grind
it's interesting and that certainly
brings up stress so
what's the role of stress when we think
about longevity
how detrimental how does that impact us
what do we do to
solve some of the problems that it
creates yeah so that is the
entrepreneurial dilemma yes okay
and that's funny because when we start
achieving greatness and more greatness
and we start really achieving all of
these things
sometimes life doesn't get easier on our
bodies and when we really start
experiencing more stress than we did
before and we have to figure out how to
manage it because i can tell you stress
will take you down every time
everyone has stress in their life and
somehow and that's what i realized in
talking with all these people that
everyone has some kind of stress and
stress damages cells
so i know that you went through a really
stressful period that uh manifested in
losing consciousness on a flight which
is fun
sounds uh
terrifying yes what have you done to
rebuild from that like what are you
doing now to de-stress is it about joy
is it about meditation forest bathing
like what are the things that you're
actually doing that are somewhat
prescriptive that people could follow if
they're trying to to bring their stress
down for me i think a lot of my stress
had to do with
not having boundaries
i was boundary deficient
i was boundary deficient in so many
areas of my life i look back and even
when i look back if i look at pictures
or selfies it's like how did you not see
that coming
you looked burnt out you were burnt out
so i was on this plane
and
i remember the woman sitting next to me
she was in the middle putting a cookie
in her mouth i'm not kidding and i
turned to her and i said hey my name's
kellyanne i'm not feeling well i'm on
not on any medications but i'm probably
going to pass out you're going to have
to get me help that was the last thing i
remember next thing i was in the galley
of the plane with all the airline
the airline stewardess and such putting
ice and packing ice everywhere and i was
going in and out of consciousness and
all i heard was is there a doctor on
board is there a medical professional on
board and i'm laughing in the back
saying yeah right here but you know
so
there was a gentleman on the plane that
was a doctor that was going to his class
reunion he happened to be on that flight
and at the end of all of it and he sat
with me the whole time they made sure i
had hydration he was checking my pulse
all of this at the end he said kellyanne
you do realize you're burnt out right
you have to do something you burn out
the problem is tom is that we become
very numb we go through life day after
day we numb down numb down numb down and
we somehow we have to stop and we have
to say how am i feeling how do i feel
because it's that disconnection i'm
going to get woo-woo here it's that
disconnection from the source from our
source and understanding where our power
really comes from and really connecting
and understanding we're going to get
walloped if we do not stay present
because that that's when our body really
manifests and holds on to all that
stress that stress is tough
and it's tough on the body how do you
stay centered how do you find that
alignment like what do you do on a daily
basis or weekly or you know whatever
your cadence is well for one thing
exercise is very important kind of
exercise
i do all kind of exercises different
kind i do limbic type of exercises so
it's exercises that allow my body to
breathe and to move i do yoga i do dance
i do a lot of dance
i do weights i like to really move my
body and then i like to be still
so you have to get into meditation and
understanding breathing and just finding
that time to absolutely reconnect with
yourself
because we're losing a connection to
ourselves and if i had really realized
this i had to learn this through going
through this myself
so many of the patients that i saw i i
realize now that's what they were that's
what they were going through they were
disconnected and they stopped feeling
they were just getting through the day
and you know getting through this and
getting through this and getting through
this
and
after a while it comes back and your
body gets the ultimate revenge your body
will get revenge
why do you call it revenge out of
curiosity yeah i call it revenge because
your body starts giving you signals and
you
you can get sick even for me my revenge
was i got extremely exhausted and passed
out on a plane and my my body was saying
how many times do we have to tell you
because your body does give you signs
and and signals so how do people listen
for that what are they listening for how
does it manifest like what was it now
looking back leading up to that moment
because you had a
real sense of presence to be able to say
i know where this is going what was it
leading up to that that if it were to
happen again that you would catch it
much earlier oh my gosh first of all i i
when i looked at my eyes and a lot of
these these pictures they were sunken in
my eyes lost their life
my skin had got very sullen
and didn't have vibrance to it and i was
proud of myself on things like that you
know my body i always kept it you know
kind of uh very fit and like a ballerina
very smooth and i just started gaining
that cortisol tire
i had all the signs of exhaustion and
the thing is is i i lost my i i lost my
lust for life in the same way that i
have now or that i had before that
i because i just and i wasn't even aware
and that's the thing i talked to
patients that have been in marriages and
and they they became really ill staying
in relationships that were that were not
serving them and it wasn't until they
got out of the situation they didn't
realize they didn't realize how bad they
felt they didn't realize how that
everyday hit
of you know leaking your power and
leaking your energy that every day hit
every health affected them
and it really does and you just have to
stay attuned and just ask yourself how
you feel
and you'll notice things like you know
gosh
how tired am i do i have achy joints i
mean look at my skin let me see my eyes
do i still feel vibrant do i still have
you know lust for life
how do you feel like stopping and asking
that question is a really important
question to ask and we don't we just we
just go through it
we go through it and and you know i had
to learn and i would never allow that to
happen again i would never say yes to as
many things as i said yes to i would
never allow people that were not well
intended in my life again i would never
pummel through work to make other people
happy instead of myself i would never
put any other mission besides the
mission that will serve me and those you
know that i love i would never put that
before anything else
and a lot of it a lot of everything in
life i'm really finding out it does have
to do with the six six inches between
your ears it's a mindset thing you know
that's interesting so
i'm interested in this concept of reset
which i know you also talk about from a
true just diet and bodily perspective
but talk to me about it uh from a
mindset perspective how do you reset
what are you doing
um
when you're dancing is there anything
conscious going on there or is that just
sort of realigning yourself through
rhythm and movement or in meditation is
it a
an awareness like a mindfulness practice
like what what are what are you doing
mindset wise yeah it's understanding
that we are not just skin and bones
we're atoms and molecules we have a
megahertz our cells communicate this
unbelievable life that we have inside of
us and understanding this big ball of
energy and saying you know what i want
to harness that energy
i want to harness it and i don't want to
leak it i want to keep it in that's the
understanding and then when i go into
meditation
or i go into dance or anything like that
i'm visually picturing what i want i
call it my own television show it's in
my mind it's locked in here and it's
strong and that is one of the biggest
differences that i've ever made in my
life
is really pulling things towards me and
understanding how possible this really
is it has been life-changing for me
life-changing then i'm gonna need to
understand
more about that so
okay the process is you're sitting there
you're finding physical stillness every
day i find physical stillness it has got
to be habitual this will only work if
you do it on a regular basis and it can
take three four minutes a day sit down
pull up your own tv show you see you
everything you want you desire
everything everything that's for your
greater good everything that you that is
your purpose you see it as if it's
happening and i picture myself telling
someone else all of these amazing things
about my physical
my personal life my business life all of
it as if it is already there
so my body is working and functioning in
that modem as if it's already there and
funny enough how people show up to make
and realize all of those things that
you're putting in your in your mind and
you're you're just locking it in your
mind
and it's not about well if i go sit and
meditate you know underneath this tree
every day i'm going to pull everything
towards me i want you to know that is
not one part
of my body that would ever do that to
think that that's all i need to do to do
to make things happen you have to take
action you have to take action but
there's a certain
there's a certain thing that happens in
your mind in your cells in your body
when you really concentrate and you
focus on that and then you go
so there's the metaphysical and then
there's the physical and you want to be
able to capture and really work in both
worlds because that's where the magic
really happens really capturing
capturing your your future by demanding
it demand it demand what you want demand
it within yourself and then you go and
you get it and it's it's funny because
i'll go up to people and it's very
natural for me now to ask for what i
want suppose i'm putting i'm locking it
in my body and my physiology i walk like
you have to assume the position assume
the position of your day and i tell
myself this and i start my day like a
tiger i want to be a tiger that's it
what does that mean so what are the
attributes of the title attributes of a
tiger is someone who's fearless and
someone who's bold because one of the
things that i've learned is i sat on the
bed through my my swiss training i sat
on the bed of a lot of people who were
dying
you know what they had tom regrets
that is what you hear so often what are
some common ones that's actually really
interesting it's really interesting and
here's the biggest thing that they
regret
a lot of people they were they were
wealthy
a lot of these people and they regretted
that they did not spend more time with
their children and the other big one was
that they regretted that they didn't go
for it that they had
at all
any fear in going for anything that they
wanted
it's interesting that that's successful
people saying that
um i think there's something very
interesting to take away from that in
terms of
having success in one area of your life
first of all i think a lot of people
think oh if i had financial success that
i would stop and retire and it does not
work like that like being successful
answers yesterday's problem it certainly
does not answer today or tomorrow's
problem you still have that desperate
thirst for meaning and purpose and does
not go arrive and to feed your energy
yeah it doesn't even i i think it
doesn't even get tainted at all i think
it's in your dna and you have to respect
and honor your dna and who you are
a lot of us are very mission based
because it's that mission in you that
just drives you
you know i have my missions i have my
anger i have it in my head and
everything is leading leading leading
leading to that you know to that overall
mission and and
i can't imagine any level of success
that you know is in front of me that
would stop me from wanting to be
that person that tiger and i'm not
saying it's not good to stop ask
yourself slow down i'm not saying any of
that but what i'm saying is i honor my
dna i honor the fact that my friends
growing up were reading cosmo magazine
and i was reading the diabetes journal
with mary tyler moore on the cover
i honor everything you know all of those
things i honor that you know there's
parts of me that are different
than a lot of other people in terms of
this drive that i have
you know respecting and honoring that
drive but at the same time not burning
out over that drive
yeah that that's an interesting
dichotomy for somebody who found
themselves pushing so hard saying yes to
everything that they end up having an
episode to still be able to get on the
other side of that and say okay i've got
the awareness now i know what i'm
looking out for i know this has to be
mission based but at the same time i'm
not giving up that drive i still want to
be the tiger i still want to have a
level of i have to be see there's
certain things i think that are more
destructive than anything else not
honoring who you really are
that is so destructive
to the body
every day living or being something that
you really don't want to be or living in
a way that you don't want to live
and i'll tell you that's again it stems
back from the experience of listening to
people dying and saying i'm not no i'm
not doing that i'm going to express
everything don't you feel like you want
to live your life and like squeeze every
bit of potential that you have very much
and when i see other people i want to
squeeze it out of them
i want to squeeze it out of them so i
feel like my job and my role is to wake
people up in that sense i want to pull
people out of the tunnel i've been
through
the tunnel is feeling aimless and dark
and lost and not sure you're not sure
and you're numb i'm telling you so how
do you get them out of that you make
them become aware and re-engage with
themself
then you see someone really
on fire
you know that purpose is the key all the
money all of this and all of that and
all of this and that it's great to have
the security it's great to have that
security ain't going to make you happy
you know it's just not it's just not
it's not it's not enough
it's not enough and your body you know
your body has has this intelligence it's
very interesting how the body works and
the innate intelligence that it has and
the signs and the signals that it gives
you throughout your life just what
you're interested in and you know i was
told by a college professor years ago
you'll know what you want to do where do
you go when you go in a bookstore you
know a library where do you where's your
attention where did you where's and it
was always the same for me it was always
those damn health books would drive
people crazy going to the beach they'd
flip open their novels
and i would sit there with my health
stuff i mean it was obvious but you have
to pay attention to all these things
about yourself and i am seeing that now
more than ever people really being who
they are it's just not worth it just be
a tiger go for it go for whatever don't
be don't be embarrassed don't be shy
don't whatever it is and i just have a
belief that you know i'm going to say
whatever i'm supposed to say and i'm not
going to get wired about it i'm happy to
be here happy to dispel any information
or anything that i can get anyone that's
going to help
you just
i'm gonna be a tiger about it you know
well speaking of information that will
help uh let's come to the gut for a
second
so
gut health obviously huge part of what
you do bone broth healing the gut
how many people
start sort of with a gut-based struggle
and then what's the protocol to help
them get out of that yeah so i would say
most people come in with a gut-based
struggle and we see a lot of autoimmune
problems we see a lot of people with
bloating
skin rashes achy joints these are all
signs and symptomologies of somebody who
who likely has a gut that needs healing
and so bone broth i love because it has
this perfect blend of nutrition
so there's amino acids which are
upbuilding
and you've got some minerals that come
out and we're also deficient in minerals
and so many of the things that go on
with us
are really because we're lower in
minerals so is there a difference
between doing bone broth and just
cracking the bone open and eating the
marrow would you get a different
nutritional intake you may get a little
different because you're going to get
more glycine and glycine is really
helpful for so many things and we find
that it's more hydrating to the body and
but you know this just that bone marrow
i could eat that till the cows come home
the bone marrow is so good for you i
mean you have to think about it like
this and this is why i love bone broth
for gut healing
if you get a sunburn you reach for aloe
vera you put it on because it soothes
and it heals the skin well bone broth
the gelatin cook collagen the bone broth
that does the same thing for your gut
it heals and it seals the gut
and
it works so you've got the collagen in
there they cook collagen which is the
gelatin which is so good for the gut
you've got minerals in there you've got
great protein in there you've got amino
acids in there
and the research also shows us that one
of the things that we know that helps
prevent a cold and the duration of a
cold are these soups
they're really helpful for the immune
system
so you know there's a lot of benefits to
it and i put it in programs and weight
loss programs and things over the years
with intermittent fasting to help people
get even more benefits compounded
benefits but anything that does any one
thing that does this many things i love
yeah we really have some people that are
evangelical
about bone broth here on staff it was a
big part of lisa's recovery it was super
super impactful for her um is there a
big nutrient difference between making
it yourself from whole bones and
getting powdered it's whole bones is
better okay powder powder is pretty
close i mean there's some really good
powders on the market right now same
thing with the frozen broth that's
really easy there's tons of good frozen
broth that you can buy anywhere now
that's really good and you just put hot
water over the bag it comes in a bag you
put hot water over it you put it in the
pot and you can have it very quickly
there's pressure cookers now you can
make bone broth in you can cook it
quicker but it's that simmering for a
long period of time letting all that
good stuff come into the into that broth
and it really is very healing for people
i think the word that comes to mind when
i think of bone broth is restorative
is there any gut issue where you don't
recommend bone broth because oh man
the one thing i've learned with what my
wife has been through is that healing
gut issues is so complicated people
don't know that how complicated it can
be and well it not only complicated but
it takes a long time and you have to be
patient have to understand that that 20
plus feet of intestines that are going
through that's a long narrow tube
and you've got you know so many microbes
in your body and you want them to work
for you and against you you've got more
microbes these these bugs in your body
than you do actual cells in your body so
you want to nurture them
you want to nurture that soil and you
want to really uh make that soil so that
so that every 21 days when you have that
cellular turnover you're getting the as
healthy healthy healthy healthy soil as
you possibly can so you can really heal
that gut and at the same time sealing
everything up it does take time but let
me tell you tom when it happens bam
the magic happens
skin looks so much better your healing
capacity is so much higher
you feel so much more energized again
longevity oh my gosh i am telling you
that is my core anti-aging regimen that
is you have to have foundational beauty
if you decide that you want to do all
the other things
fine great i'm not opposed to that i
understand what it feels like to advance
in age i understand what that feels like
and you have to do what makes you happy
but i don't care what you do so all that
other stuff would be cosmetic you know
adjustments yes you know all the stuff
and that's okay do all the stuff but you
have to realize
foundational beauty is where our real
effervescence comes from
we know for a fact that we start losing
collagen at about age 20. we start
losing it little by little by little
and the collagen is like it's like
nature's glue it holds us up it holds us
together
and again for longevity for looking
young collagen it tends to be very
helpful so i throw collagen shake and
you know whenever i can i love collagen
because it's for me it's it's one of
those i used to experiment with all
these shakes especially during my
bodybuilding phase you competed in
bodybuilding oh i was i was fierce
figure competitor or actual bodybuilder
oh i was an actual bodybuilder wow how
big were you um well i was lean so my
whole thing
bodybuilding is like a whole another
thing oh i used to go to arnold classics
every year i used to like you know that
would be my masterminds with those
people like like the arnold i worked out
and like i do everything else i became
the tiger so i started working out
instead of just enjoying working out
like a normal person i was like how far
can i fly
because that's the question i always ask
myself how far can i fly
i want to read a book i want to write a
book do i write one no i have five books
with wiley publishing two with roedell
three with penguin random what
i have to see how far how far can i fly
that's how i live my life but again
getting back to the reason why i'm
sitting in this chair was the latest
book and said it's how do i do that and
be that
and not burn out that's the
question that's the question
where can people follow you on your
journey to be a tiger without burning
out
dr kellyanne.com there's no e on that dr
kellyanne.com on instagram it's dr
kellyanne petrucci nice all right if you
were going to have people make one
change that would have the biggest
impact on their health what change would
you have them make i would tell them
to really dig in
and do that television show i talked
about every day pull up live in
live in that space in your head get the
six inches between your ears right you
will see possibilities you will draw
possibilities you will see your life in
the way you want it to be and start
making very different choices and start
really directing people and i have to
add one more thing to that i have to
have an internal doorman have that
internal doorman
be careful what you led into your life
i'm not saying don't live openly i'm not
saying don't have a heart but have an
internal doorman and understand these
are choices that you make and whomever
that you let in your life whatever you
let in your life is a lot harder to get
out than it is to get in don't forget
that
that's good
all right guys
your health matters so much but
hopefully you see how many people come
on here that are all supposedly about
health but they also talk about the mind
the two are just inextricably linked and
really understanding that that if you
want to move forward if you want to be a
tiger in your life you're going to have
to get them both right i think it's
incredibly important she has a lot of
great ideas check her out read the book
it's really really fascinating getting
your health in a good place getting the
right foods in your system getting rid
of toxins which we didn't get a chance
to talk about all of that stuff
nutrients and toxins out that's it
something she talks a lot about so dive
in there's a lot of great stuff there if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
and until next time my friends be
legendary take care
thank you guys so much for watching and
being a part of this community if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential